source/confs/conf-cfp.rst, before:

.. _conf-cfp:

CFP
===

This section describes how to:

* Manage the CFP
* Select talks
* Wrangle speakers before/during/after the conference

CFP Schedule
------------

The CFP should be scheduled to end around **3 months** prior to the conference.
This allows for time to book travel for speakers,
but also keeps the topics fresh and ensures the speakers are still passionate about them.

After the CFP ends,
reviews should be given 1 week to review all the talk proposals.
After this, we will have rate them following the below process,
and have the final group meeting where we talk through the final schedule

Selecting Talks
---------------

You should have:

* Access to the `cfp` Slack channel.
* Access to the CFP Google Doc

How it works:

* We allocate 2 points for every talk at the conference (eg. 30 points for 15 talks).
* You use those points to vote for which talks you want to see.
* We add up all the points and sort them by highest. This is the initial talk selection.
* We then argue for & against talks that we *really* want to change positions. This can either be because you know the speaker/topic will be good, two talks cover similar topics and we can only have one, or other reasons.
* We agree on a final set of 15 talks, along with 1 or 2 alternates.
  * If there are a ton of great talks that we want to see, we can reduce some to 15 minutes and fit 2 in a 30 minute slot.

Speaker Communication
---------------------

Like everyone,
most speakers don't really read their email.
This means you need to tell them everything improtant at least twice,
and probably again in person.

Speaker Acceptence Template
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: jinja

	{{ name }},

	Our talk selection committee has just wrapped up proposal review and we would
	like to invite you speak at Write the Docs! The conference this year will be
	held on {{ date }}.

	Title: {{ title }}

	{{ Personalized bit about topic }}

	I've included your original proposal at the bottom of this email, for your reference.

	With that said, here's what you should do next:

	 * Reply to this email to confirm that you're in! Let us know that you're
	   planning to attend and speak, and that you agree to the guidelines below.
	 * Include a 300 x 300px color photo of your face. We will use this headshot
	   alongside your presentation description.
	 * If you want your Twitter handle published with your other details, include
	   that as well.
	 * Get your free speaker ticket! If you already purchased a ticket, we will be
	   refunding your ticket. Otherwise, pick up your free ticket here:

	     {{ ticket_url }}

	 * Send us any changes to your abstract. If you have any updates you would like
	   to make, or any of our feedback you want to incorporate, feel free to send us
	   an edited talk abstract.
	 * If you want to share this news, be sure to tag your posts with #writethedocs

	So you're all ready to speak? Good. Let's get down to brass tacks:

	 * Plan on attending both days of the event. We encourage your participation in
	   the entire event and will not be publishing the full presentation schedule
	   until shortly before the event.
	 * Your talk should be 30 minutes. *We will not be pausing for questions* after
	   your presentation. Attendees will be encouraged to approach the stage with
	   any feedback or questions during the break after each talk.
	 * Please review our Code of Conduct (http://writethedocs.org/code-of-conduct/).
	   Your talk is subject to these guidelines and should not have any sexual or
	   offensive content. If you have any questions about this feel free to email
	   myself or one of the other conference organizers. Generally, if you think any
	   content in your presentation might be an issue, leave it out.
	 * If you're concerned by travel details or expenses, contact us and we can
	   discuss options.

	We encourage you to confirm your details as soon as you can. As we confirm your
	details, we'll publish your abstract, headshot, and information on the
	conference site.  We'll also be emailing attendees to drum up anticipation for
	the talks we'll be presenting this year.

	Thanks again for submitting your talk, we look forward to having you join us!
	Feel free to email us with any questions, concerns, or ideas.

	Look forward to seeing you at Write the Docs!


Speaker Rejection Template
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Building a Schedule
-------------------

There are an infinite number of ways to arrange a schedule.
We've found it best to just randomly assign speakers to the schedule,
taking into account their availability (some folks can only speak on certain days).
After that,
you can shuffle speakers who you know are good to the following slots:

* Talk after lunch (should be high energy)
* Last talk of the day (should be memorable)

Commit message:

Add a bit more about rejection

source/confs/conf-cfp.rst, after:

.. _conf-cfp:

CFP
===

This section describes how to:

* Manage the CFP
* Select talks
* Wrangle speakers before/during/after the conference

CFP Schedule
------------

The CFP should be scheduled to end around **3 months** prior to the conference.
This allows for time to book travel for speakers,
but also keeps the topics fresh and ensures the speakers are still passionate about them.

After the CFP ends,
reviews should be given 1 week to review all the talk proposals.
After this, we will have rate them following the below process,
and have the final group meeting where we talk through the final schedule

Selecting Talks
---------------

You should have:

* Access to the `cfp` Slack channel.
* Access to the CFP Google Doc

How it works:

* We allocate 2 points for every talk at the conference (eg. 30 points for 15 talks).
* You use those points to vote for which talks you want to see.
* We add up all the points and sort them by highest. This is the initial talk selection.
* We then argue for & against talks that we *really* want to change positions. This can either be because you know the speaker/topic will be good, two talks cover similar topics and we can only have one, or other reasons.
* We agree on a final set of 15 talks, along with 1 or 2 alternates.
  * If there are a ton of great talks that we want to see, we can reduce some to 15 minutes and fit 2 in a 30 minute slot.

Speaker Communication
---------------------

Like everyone,
most speakers don't really read their email.
This means you need to tell them everything important at least twice,
and probably again in person.

Speaker Acceptance Template
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: jinja

	{{ name }},

	Our talk selection committee has just wrapped up proposal review and we would
	like to invite you speak at Write the Docs! The conference this year will be
	held on {{ date }}.

	Title: {{ title }}

	{{ Personalized bit about topic }}

	I've included your original proposal at the bottom of this email, for your reference.

	With that said, here's what you should do next:

	 * Reply to this email to confirm that you're in! Let us know that you're
	   planning to attend and speak, and that you agree to the guidelines below.
	 * Include a 300 x 300px color photo of your face. We will use this headshot
	   alongside your presentation description.
	 * If you want your Twitter handle published with your other details, include
	   that as well.
	 * Get your free speaker ticket! If you already purchased a ticket, we will be
	   refunding your ticket. Otherwise, pick up your free ticket here:

	     {{ ticket_url }}

	 * Send us any changes to your abstract. If you have any updates you would like
	   to make, or any of our feedback you want to incorporate, feel free to send us
	   an edited talk abstract.
	 * If you want to share this news, be sure to tag your posts with #writethedocs

	So you're all ready to speak? Good. Let's get down to brass tacks:

	 * Plan on attending both days of the event. We encourage your participation in
	   the entire event and will not be publishing the full presentation schedule
	   until shortly before the event.
	 * Your talk should be 30 minutes. *We will not be pausing for questions* after
	   your presentation. Attendees will be encouraged to approach the stage with
	   any feedback or questions during the break after each talk.
	 * Please review our Code of Conduct (http://writethedocs.org/code-of-conduct/).
	   Your talk is subject to these guidelines and should not have any sexual or
	   offensive content. If you have any questions about this feel free to email
	   myself or one of the other conference organizers. Generally, if you think any
	   content in your presentation might be an issue, leave it out.
	 * If you're concerned by travel details or expenses, contact us and we can
	   discuss options.

	We encourage you to confirm your details as soon as you can. As we confirm your
	details, we'll publish your abstract, headshot, and information on the
	conference site.  We'll also be emailing attendees to drum up anticipation for
	the talks we'll be presenting this year.

	Thanks again for submitting your talk, we look forward to having you join us!
	Feel free to email us with any questions, concerns, or ideas.

	Look forward to seeing you at Write the Docs!


Speaker Rejection Template
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This template varies by the rejection.
We reject folks in a couple different rounds,
which I'll document here. 


.. code-block:: jinja
	
	TODO


Building a Schedule
-------------------

There are an infinite number of ways to arrange a schedule.
We've found it best to just randomly assign speakers to the schedule,
taking into account their availability (some folks can only speak on certain days).
After that,
you can shuffle speakers who you know are good to the following slots:

* Talk after lunch (should be high energy)
* Last talk of the day (should be memorable)
