docs/index.rst, before:

Welcome to the Write the Docs Organizer Manual!
===============================================

This guide aims to help anyone who wants to start a local Write the Docs meetup or a regional conference. Our community is growing quickly and we want to provide resources, guidelines, and tips on how to build and maintain events no matter where you are in the world.

All the content in this guide and in the resources repositories is open source, and we welcome contributions and suggestions! Feel free to communicate and share ideas with your fellow documentarians by creating issues in the GitHub repository, or better yet - by creating or improving content and submitting a pull request!

This guide covers the following types of Write the Docs events:

.. toctree::
   
   confs/checklist
   confs/orgteam
   confs/organizers
   confs/budget
   confs/venues-logistics
   confs/sponsorship
   confs/cfp
   confs/communication
   confs/tickets
   confs/volunteers
   confs/web-resources
   confs/print-resources


This guide draws much inspiration from the `Django Girls Organizer's Guide <http://organize.djangogirls.org/>`__.

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

add new roles page
This page should replace organizers.rst, but I’m leaving them both in
for the first round of PR. Hope this isn’t too cumbersome!

docs/index.rst, after:

Welcome to the Write the Docs Organizer Manual!
===============================================

This guide aims to help anyone who wants to start a local Write the Docs meetup or a regional conference. Our community is growing quickly and we want to provide resources, guidelines, and tips on how to build and maintain events no matter where you are in the world.

All the content in this guide and in the resources repositories is open source, and we welcome contributions and suggestions! Feel free to communicate and share ideas with your fellow documentarians by creating issues in the GitHub repository, or better yet - by creating or improving content and submitting a pull request!

This guide covers the following aspects of Write the Docs events:

.. toctree::
   
   confs/checklist
   confs/orgteam
   confs/organizers
   confs/event-roles.rst
   confs/budget
   confs/venues-logistics
   confs/sponsorship
   confs/cfp
   confs/communication
   confs/tickets
   confs/volunteers
   confs/web-resources
   confs/print-resources


This guide draws much inspiration from the `Django Girls Organizer's Guide <http://organize.djangogirls.org/>`__.

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
